[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = en: en_US, de: de_DE, es: es_ES, fr: fr_FR, ja: ja_JP, nl: nl_NL, cs: cs_CZ
type = PHP_ALT_ARRAY

[kolab.calendar]
file_filter = plugins/calendar/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/calendar/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_activesync]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_activesync/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_activesync/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_addressbook]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_addressbook/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_addressbook/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_auth]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_auth/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_auth/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_delegation]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_delegation/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_delegation/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_files]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_files/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_files/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.kolab_folders]
file_filter = plugins/kolab_folders/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/kolab_folders/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.owncloud]
file_filter = plugins/owncloud/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/owncloud/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.tasklist]
file_filter = plugins/tasklist/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/tasklist/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US

[kolab.libcalendaring]
file_filter = plugins/libcalendaring/localization/<lang>.inc
source_file = plugins/libcalendaring/localization/en_US.inc
source_lang = en_US
